Update to Node.js 14 'Fermium' (LTS) (#2410)
dod-ccpo/atat: README.md

Before running the setup scripts, a couple of dependencies need to be installed
locally:

> #### `python` >= 3.9

Author: :)

  Python version 3.9 **must** be installed on your machine before installing `poetry`.
  You can download Python 3.9 [from python.org](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  or use your preferred system package manager. Multiple versions of Python can exist on one
  computer, but 3.9 or newer is required for ATAT.

#### `poetry`

  ATAT requires `poetry` to be installed for python dependency management. `poetry`
  will create the virtual environment that the app requires. [See
  `poetry`'s documentation for instructions on installing `poetry`](
  https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation).
  
#### `node` == 14 (lts/fermium)

>   We recommend using Node Version Manager, or nvm, in order to update the version—and requirements—efficiently and simply. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We recommend using Node Version Manager, or nvm, to manage your node installation. 
```

>   **Install:** To install or update nvm, you should run the install script. To do that, you may either download and run 
>   the script manually, or use the following cURL command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Install:** To install, run the following command:
```

  
  For more detail on how to use nvm, see [this video](https://heynode.com/tutorial/install-nodejs-locally-nvm)

#### `yarn`

  ATAT requires `yarn` for installing and managing Javascript
  dependencies: https://yarnpkg.com/en/

#### `postgres` >= 9.6

  ATAT requires a PostgreSQL instance (>= 9.6) for persistence. Have PostgresSQL installed
  and running on the default port of 5432. (A good resource for installing and running
  PostgreSQL for Macs is [Postgres.app](https://postgresapp.com/). Follow the instructions,
  including the optional Step 3, and add `/Applications/Postgres.app/Contents/Versions/latest/bin`
  to your `PATH` environment variable.) You can verify that PostgresSQL is running
  by executing `psql` and ensuring that a connection is successfully made.

#### `redis`

  ATAT also requires a Redis instance for session management. Have Redis installed and
  running on the default port of 6379. You can ensure that Redis is running by
  executing `redis-cli` with no options and ensuring a connection is succesfully made.

#### [`entr`](http://eradman.com/entrproject/)

  This dependency is optional. If present, the queue worker process will hot

>   reload in development.

Reviewer: I've done a survey, and I recommend removing this.  I don't think anyone has used it in the last 6 months.  But I leave it up to you.

  will create the virtual environment that the app requires. [See
  `poetry`'s documentation for instructions on installing `poetry`](
  https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation).
  
* `node` == 14 (lts/fermium)
  For macOS, it can be as simple as using brew to install:
  ```
  brew install node@14

>   ```

Reviewer: This is good.

   
  But we are recommending using NVM since we want to update the version and requirements efficiently. 
  And NVM will allow us to do it very simply.
  
  **step 01| Install:**

  To install or update nvm, you should run the install script. To do that, you may either download and run 
  the script manually or use the following cURL command:

```
  $ curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.38.0/install.sh | bash
```
  **Step 02| Set up for use:**

  The script clones the nvm repository to ~/.nvm, and attempts to add the source lines from the snippet below 
  to the correct profile file (~/.bash_profile, ~/.zshrc, ~/.profile, or ~/.bashrc).

```
export NVM_DIR="$([ -z "${XDG_CONFIG_HOME-}" ] && printf %s "${HOME}/.nvm" || printf %s "${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/nvm")"
[ -s "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh" ] && \. "$NVM_DIR/nvm.sh" # This loads nvm
```

>   read [nvm repo](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm/blob/master/README.md) for Troubleshooting. 

Reviewer: This is all accurate, but I think @kylelaker-ccpo was suggesting use of nvm only for Windows and WSL.  So this would be in the Windows instructions but not here.  I think you should stick with the use of brew above for macOS.

Author: yes, the detail for Win are in:

https://github.com/dod-ccpo/atat/blob/1d7aaace66fcb63f61e54ef89ffedc139d7d9e41/docs/WindowsSubsystemLinux.md

as @kylelaker-ccpo requested.

Author: The instruction of brew is for installing Node. 

The market instruction in this comment is for NVM.  
When you install nvm with brew it gets very buggy so is better to do it this way. 
also, the same instruction in this comment works in Unix, Mac and WSL.

I happen to include the extra steps you required for installing on Windows in the docs/WindowsSubsystemLinux.md file.

  
```
  
  **Usages:**
  
  You can use `nvm list` command to see the available versions of node: 

```
  (.venv) $ $ nvm list 
       v10.23.2
->     v14.17.0
default -> lts/dubnium (-> N/A)
iojs -> N/A (default)
unstable -> N/A (default)
node -> stable (-> v14.17.0) (default)
stable -> 14.17 (-> v14.17.0) (default)
lts/* -> lts/fermium (-> v14.17.0)
lts/argon -> v4.9.1 (-> N/A)
lts/boron -> v6.17.1 (-> N/A)
lts/carbon -> v8.17.0 (-> N/A)
lts/dubnium -> v10.24.1 (-> N/A)
lts/erbium -> v12.22.1 (-> N/A)
lts/fermium -> v14.17.0

```
  Use the command `nvm install NAME_OF_VERSION` to download a version that is not in the list in 
  the example we are installing version 14 (lts/fermium) that is also the current version of node.js for the project:

```
  (.venv) $ nvm install lts/fermium 
v14.17.0 is already installed.
Now using node v14.17.0 (npm v6.14.13)
  
```

  If the version is already on your list you can switch version using the command `nvm use NAME_OF_VERSION`: example: 

```
  (.venv) $ nvm use lts/fermium 
Now using node v14.17.0 (npm v6.14.13)

```
  For more detail on how to use NVM you can see [this video](https://heynode.com/tutorial/install-nodejs-locally-nvm)

> 

Reviewer: I don't think you need any of this.

Author: There are people on the team that it will be their first time on NVM so I thought on make it very explicit how to work with it.

  This dependency is optional. If present, the queue worker process will hot
  reload in development.

* `node` == 14 (lts/fermium)

>   This is a requirement of [node-sass](https://github.com/sass/node-sass).  For macOS, use brew to install:

Reviewer: @jGonzalez-CCPO Kyle suggested removing this node-sass reference.
```suggestion
  For macOS, use brew to install:
```

Author: done
